= ready_for_i18n

Ready_for_i18n is handy tool helping you in the first step of getting your local Rails project ready for I18N.

It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file,
then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate method.

Currently two extractors are available:

  * TextExtractor will scan all HTML text nodes in you view files, like <b>Hello</b> then replace it with <%=t(:text_hello)%>.
  * LabelExtractor will scan all the text in helper methods like link_to('Login'...) and replace with link_to (t(:login)).

== Installation:
  gem install ready_for_i18n

Hosed at http://www.gemcutter.org/gems/ready_for_i18n

== Basic Command Line Usage:
  ready_for_i18n <path to ERB source files> <target path> 

Your erb files in source path will be transformed(i18n_ready)
and copy to target file path,together with a locale file 'en.yml'.

Using the following options:
  --locale [LOCALE]            Generating for the specified locale (default locale 'en')
  --ext [EXTENSION]            The file extension name of your views(default '.html.erb')

== Warning
* This tool is used based on the most "conventional" way of HTML and ERB. But I can not guarantee all the text will be extracted correctly.Create an issue in this github project page if you found some thing miss.

* Only tested when the local language is English. Other languages support is in the TODO list.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 zigzag. See LICENSE for details.
