h1. ready_for_i18n

Ready_for_i18n is handy tool helping you in the first step of getting your local Rails project ready for I18N.

It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file,
then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate method.

Currently three extractors are available:

|Extractor|From|To|
|HtmlTextExtractor|@<b>Hello</b>@|@<b><%=t(:text_hello)%></b>@|
|HtmlAttrExtractor|@<input type="submit" value="Back"/>@|@<input type="submit" value="<%=t(:label_back)"/>@|
|ErbHelperExtractor|@link_to('Login'...)@|@link_to (t(:login))@|


Introduction Blog at: "Get your application ready for I18N":http://zigzag.github.com/2009/12/17/get-your-local-rails-application-ready-for-i18n.html

h2. Installation:

bq. gem install ready_for_i18n

Hosed at "http://www.gemcutter.org/gems/ready_for_i18n":http://www.gemcutter.org/gems/ready_for_i18n

h2. Basic Command Line Usage:

bq. @ready_for_i18n <path_to_ERB_source_files> [target path]@

Your erb files in source path will be transformed(i18n_ready) and copy to target file path.
If the target path is missing, then ready_for_i18n will do a Dry run and only generate the locale file.

A locale file will be output to STDOUT, which you can redirect to file like

bq. @ready_for_i18n <path_to_ERB_source_files> [target path] > /temp/en.yml@
  
Using the following options:

|&nbsp;&nbsp;|@--locale [LOCALE]@|@Generating for the specified locale (default locale 'en')@|
|&nbsp;&nbsp;|@--ext [EXTENSION]@|@The file extension name of your views(default '.html.erb')@|
|&nbsp;&nbsp;|@--dot@|@Generate a structured dictionary file and support `Lazy` Lookup of Rails > 2.3@|

h2. Warning

* This tool is used based on the most "conventional" way of HTML and ERB. But I can not guarantee all the text will be extracted correctly. Create an issue in this github project page if you found some thing miss.
* Only tested when the local language is English. Other languages support is in the TODO list.

h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 zigzag. See LICENSE for details.
